1, 2, 3, 1 to 12.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
Time.
The time from 1 to 12.
1 o'clock, 2 o'clock, 3 o'clock, 4 o'clock, 5 o'clock, 6 o'clock, 7 o'clock, 8 o'clock, 9 o'clock, 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, 12 o'clock.
The way of asking the time.
What time is it now?
Once now.
Once more.
What time is it now?
The way of answering.
From 1 o'clock to 12 o'clock.
It's 1 o'clock.
It's 2 o'clock.
It's 3 o'clock.
It's 4 o'clock.
It's 5 o'clock.
It's 6 o'clock.
It's 7 o'clock.
It's 8 o'clock.
It's 9 o'clock.
It's 10 o'clock.
It's 11 o'clock.
It's 12 o'clock.
30 minutes later.
That is, the way of showing half.
It's 1 o'clock and half.
It's 4 o'clock and half.
It's half past one.
It's half past two.
It's half past three.
It's half past four.
The way of showing 15 minutes later.
It's 5 o'clock and 15 minutes later.
It's 8 o'clock and 15 minutes later.
It's a quarter past five.
It's a quarter past six.
It's a quarter past seven.
It's a quarter past eight.
The way of showing 15 minutes before.
It's 9 o'clock and 15 minutes before.
It's 12 o'clock and 15 minutes before.
It's a quarter to nine.
It's a quarter to ten.
It's a quarter to eleven.
It's a quarter to twelve.
However, it is not necessary to show a quarter past or a quarter to the time of half past or a quarter to the time of two.
That is, the proverbs.
Time flies like an arrow.
Time and tide tarry for no man.
Time does not stop its pace for any person.